= TARKIN

Tarkin is just another team password manager. Key features:

== Security
All passwords are crypted with *AES-256* with the group public key. Group private key is ciphered by the user public key. User private key is crypte with user password. Thus, to decrypt the password, you must have user password - this password decrypts the user private key, with which system decrypts the groups private key, which is used to decrypt the password... Sounds complicated? Well, it is completely transparent for the user - you just need to remember your password. 

This means that the only group members can read the stored passwords. There is no way to read it even if you have an access to the whole database. This also means that <strong>you can't loose you password to the system</strong>. There is no way to retrieve lost password.

== Modern UI compatible with mobile


== Command-line tools
*[TODO]*

== API

== Author
This software is written by Tomek 'Grych' Gryszkiewicz. Do not hestitate to contact me at mailto:grych@tg.pl or visit {my web page}[http://www.tg.pl].

== License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Tomek Gryszkiewicz <grych@tg.pl>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
